# econ294afinalprojectskylerscheetz

# The intended topic for research for the final project involves the research question of whether increases in the years of education for an individual is associated with changes in the individual's leisure time on the computer. The goal is to estimate a prediction. The potential data source comes from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, and it is contained in the America Time Use Survey (ATUS). I plan to answer this question by downloading the data from the most recent questionnaire, and focusing on the Computer Use for Leisure section of the survey. I will also focus on data that captures the education level of respondents. I am curious about the probability that an individual will have more than six hours of leisure time on the computer per day. For this reason, I want to create an indicator variable that the individual responded with having more than six hours per date of leisure time on the computer. To gain insight into the relationship between the effect of education level on leisure time on the computer, I plan to implement a logit model with lasso regularization and penalty obtained from 10-fold cross-validation. The optimal penalty will achieve the optimal complexity (number of regressors), and classification will be used to predict the actual outcome of the indicator for screen time past six hours per day. The OOS ROC curve will be utilized to find the optimal classification rule (cutoff) for sensitivity and specificity. This context is interesting because parents and guardians may want to have more information on the associations between educational attainment and leisure time on the computer for their children.
